# 1.3.1. Naming Beans

Every bean has one or more identifiers. These identifiers must be unique within the container that hosts the bean. A
bean usually has only one identifier. However, if it requires more than one, the extra ones can be considered aliases.

> 모든 빈에는 하나 이상의 식별자가 있습니다. 이러한 식별자들은 빈을 호스팅하는 컨테이너 내에서만 존재(고유)해야 합니다. 빈에는 일반적으로 하나의 식별자만 존재합니다. 그러나 두 개 이상의 식별자가 필요한 경우,
> 추가의 식별자는 가명으로 여겨질 수 있습니다.

<br>

In XML-based configuration metadata, you use the id attribute, the name attribute, or both to specify bean identifiers.
The id attribute lets you specify exactly one id. Conventionally, these names are alphanumeric ('myBean', 'someService',
etc.), but they can contain special characters as well. If you want to introduce other aliases for the bean, you can
also specify them in the name attribute, separated by a comma (,), semicolon (;), or white space. Although the id
attribute is defined as an xsd:string type, bean id uniqueness is enforced by the container, though not by XML parsers.

> XML 기반 구성 메타디에터에는 `id` 속성, `name` 속성, 또는 둘 다를 사용하여 빈 식별자를 지정합니다. `id` 속성을 사용하면 정확히 하나의 `id`를 지정할 수 있습니다. 일반적으로 이러한
> 이름들은 영숫자('myBean', 'someService' 등)이지만, 특수 문자도 포함할 수 있습니다. 빈의 다른 별칭을 도입하려는 경우, 쉼표(,), 세미콜론(;) 또는 공백으로 구분하여 `name` 속성에
> 지정할 수도 있습니다. `id` 속성은 `xsd:string` 유형으로 정의될지라도, 빈 `id` 고유성은 XML 파서가 아니라 컨테이너에 의해 정의됩니다.

<br>

You are not required to supply a name or an id for a bean. If you do not supply a name or id explicitly, the container
generates a unique name for that bean. However, if you want to refer to that bean by name, through the use of the ref
element or a Service Locator style lookup, you must provide a name. Motivations for not supplying a name are related to
using inner beans and autowiring collaborators.

> 빈의 `name`이나 `id`를 제공할 필요는 없습니다. `name`이나 `id`를 명시적으로 제공하지 않으면, 컨테이너가 해당 빈의 고유 이름을 생성합니다. 그러나 `ref` 요소 또는 서비스 로케이터 스타일
> 조회를 사용하여 해당 빈을 이름으로 참조하는 경우, 이름을 제공해야 합니다. 이름을 제공하지 않는 동기는 내부 빈 및 오토와이어 협력자 사용과 관련이 있습니다.

<br>

### Bean Naming Conventions

The convention is to use the standard Java convention for instance field names when naming beans. That is, bean names
start with a lowercase letter and are camel-cased from there. Examples of such names include accountManager,
accountService, userDao, loginController, and so forth.

> 규칙은 빈 이름을 지정할 때, 인스턴스 필드 이름에 표준 자바 규칙을 적용하는 것입니다. 즉, 빈 이름은 소문자로 시작하고, 카멜케이스를 구분합니다. 이러한 이름의
> 예로는 `accountManager`, `accountService`, `userDao`, `loginController` 등이 있습니다.

<br>

Naming beans consistently makes your configuration easier to read and understand. Also, if you use Spring AOP, it helps
a lot when applying advice to a set of beans related by name.

> 일관되게 빈 이름을 지정하면 구성을 더 쉽게 읽고 이해할 수 있습니다. 또한, 스프링 `AOP`를 사용하는 경우, 이름별로 관련된 일련의 빈에 조언을 적용할 때 많은 도움이 됩니다.

<br>

With component scanning in the classpath, Spring generates bean names for unnamed components, following the rules
described earlier: essentially, taking the simple class name and turning its initial character to lower-case. However,
in the (unusual) special case when there is more than one character and both the first and second characters are upper
case, the original casing gets preserved. These are the same rules as defined by java.beans.Introspector.decapitalize (
which Spring uses here).

> 클래스 경로에서 컴포넌트 검색을 사용하면, 스프링은 앞에서 설명한 규칙에 따라 이름 없는 컴포넌트에 대한 빈 이름을 생성합니다. 기본적으로 간단한 클래스 이름을 가져와 첫 글자를 소문자로 바꿉니다. 그러나 문자가
> 두 개 이상이고, 첫 번째 문자와 두 번쨰 문자가 모두 대문자인 (비정상적인) 특수한 경우에는 원래의 대소문자가 유지됩니다. 이는 `java.beans.Introspector.decapitalize`에 정의된 것과
> 동일한 규칙입니다. 